galleria: https://imgur.com/a/17T754s / https://imgur.com/a/fullstack-project-17T754s

test_item   https://i.imgur.com/J0CmCKK.jpeg

emalimuki_koodi   https://i.imgur.com/xP7wn5G.jpeg
emalimuki_logo   https://i.imgur.com/V8mOXbX.jpeg
golfpallo_koodi   https://i.imgur.com/RtSTBuP.jpeg
golfpallo_logo   https://i.imgur.com/j6yLoA8.jpeg
juomapullo_koodi   https://i.imgur.com/CQgjF7x.jpeg
juomapullo_logo   https://i.imgur.com/QdooBKb.jpeg
kahvimuki_koodi   https://i.imgur.com/CsTVk4u.jpeg
kahvimuki_logo   https://i.imgur.com/ViYZvw1.jpeg
lasimaljakko_koodi   https://i.imgur.com/wai3fgj.jpeg
lasimaljakko_logo   https://i.imgur.com/7QclpQ3.jpeg
lasimuki_koodi   https://i.imgur.com/b6vU83a.jpeg
lasimuki_logo   https://i.imgur.com/pjAycAY.jpeg
matto_koodi   https://i.imgur.com/bGqwvf4.jpeg
matto_logo   https://i.imgur.com/Q1WH4QX.jpeg
sisustustaulu_koodi   https://i.imgur.com/UMqu0Cg.jpeg
sisustustaulu_logo   https://i.imgur.com/fYc63Tg.jpeg
tpaita_harmaa_koodi   https://i.imgur.com/jyjhaA9.jpeg
tpaita_harmaa_logo   https://i.imgur.com/nuDEqWr.jpeg
tpaita_musta_koodi   https://i.imgur.com/Hiq4Nae.jpeg
tpaita_musta_logo   https://i.imgur.com/WK9pNdT.jpeg
tpaita_punainen_koodi   https://i.imgur.com/MkRAV4n.jpeg
tpaita_punainen_logo   https://i.imgur.com/fCOulwU.jpeg
tpaita_valkoinen_koodi   https://i.imgur.com/WdmI9DQ.jpeg
tpaita_valkoinen_logo   https://i.imgur.com/26BijoN.jpeg